Jianglin
What's up?
Wang Group sued listed projects for violations
Claims for 200 million
Moving forward and their cooperation is not all over
Are you done? Why are they suing us?
Is it the one who can hit without meeting?
I was the chairperson of the group just now.
Said I want you to apologize now
They forgive us
Mr. Wang has a drink
Yo
Look who this is
Didn't you rehearse yesterday?
Why today?
Mr. Wang
What happened yesterday was purely personal
There is no need to rise to the company
Make it impossible for both parties
Make it impossible for the two parties to cooperate
Just your little trash
I'll tell you what.
I say a word now
The company will disappear from the sea
Mingren doesn't say secret words
Do you want it or not?
Drink it
I don't drink alcohol.
Good idea.
Then I'm not just going to sue me
I also
Will be your friend
All hurry up
drink
Is it delicious?
Hey, hey, where are you going, hahahaha, what are you doing?
Lao Tzu is too few